feat: Add support for inserting and previewing snippets (#117)
seek-oss/playroom: README.md

$ npm run playroom:build
```

## Snippets

> Snippets allows the definition of patterns or larger compositions of components. A snippet is previewed in-situ across themes and viewports as you navigate the list, supporting faster exploration and prototyping workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playroom allows you to quickly insert predefined snippets of code, providing live previews across themes and viewports as you navigate the list. These snippets can be configured via a `snippets` file that looks like this:
```
